# MediaMarkt React Challenge - CarrieX App

The project is a mobile application that allows users of an electronics store to track and receive real-time updates about their online orders. 


## Table of Contents


- [MediaMarkt React Challenge - CarrieX App](#mediamarkt-react-challenge---carriex-app)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Install](#install)
- [How to run the MediaMarkt-React-Challenge application](#how-to-run-the-mediamarkt-react-challenge-application)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Front End React Native](#front-end-react-native)
    - [Demo Video](#demo-video)
  - [API MongoDB](#api-mongodb)
    - [Connection to MongoDB](#connection-to-mongodb)
    - [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)


## Install

To install and run this project, follow these steps:

# How to run the MediaMarkt-React-Challenge application

These are the steps to clone the repository and run the MediaMarkt-React-Challenge application on your mobile device:

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/en0c-026/MediaMarkt-React-Challenge.git`
2. Enter the cloned repository and then enter the `server` directory: `cd MediaMarkt-React-Challenge/server`
3. Create a `.env` file and configure the constants `MONGO_URI` with the address of your MongoDB server and `API_PORT` with the port you want to use for your API.
4. Install the required packages: `yarn install`
5. Start the MongoDB server: `yarn start`
6. In another terminal, enter the `expo` directory: `cd ../expo`
7. Open the file `expo/state/config.js` and configure the constant `API_URL` with the address of your API, which should be the address of the MongoDB server and the port you configured earlier.
8. Install the required packages: `yarn install`
9. Start the Expo server: `expo start`
10. Use your preferred mobile device to scan the QR code generated by Expo to run the app.

That's it! Now you should be able to view and use the MediaMarkt-React-Challenge application on your mobile device.

Note: Make sure that you have MongoDB installed and running on your system before starting the server.

## Usage 

## Front End React Native

### Demo Video
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28759552/228567099-5bc2d95d-cca9-4d29-b381-5e9598325fdd.mp4

Working...

## API MongoDB

This server is built using Express.js and MongoDB as the database. The main processes in the database are creating, reading, updating, and deleting data from different collections.

### Connection to MongoDB

The server connects to MongoDB using the Mongoose ODM library. The connection is established using the `mongoose.connect()` function with the URI stored in the `process.env.MONGO_URI` environment variable. The options `{ useNewUrlParser: true, useUnifiedTopology: true }` are passed to the function to ensure compatibility with the MongoDB driver.

### Environment Variables

In the `server` folder of the repository, create a `.env` file with the following line:
MONGO_URI=<YOUR_MONGO_API_URI>
Replace `<YOUR_MONGO_API_URI>` with your own MongoDB Atlas API URI.

Learn more about API here. [API.md](/server/API.md)

